docs: PD 9.0.0 manual revisions (#21559)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/protocol-designer/docs/steps/transfer.md

When you choose a partial tip pickup nozzle configuration, Protocol Designer includes [warnings and errors](../warnings-errors.md) to reduce collision risk. These errors can require you to change your well, tip, or deck selections in order to avoid risky situations. 

<figure class="screenshot" markdown>
  ![Pipette collision risk](../images/partial-tip-error.png)
  <figcaption>Protocol Designer shows a collision error because the pipette could collide with the tip rack in slot C2.</figcaption>
</figure> 

> Even though the tip rack above is full of pipette tips, the "not enough tips" warning tells you that there aren't enough tips that the pipette can safely access to complete your protocol step. This results in a collision error to prevent the pipette from striking adjacent labware in your final protocol. 

Reviewer: This really is fine as is, just a suggestion for consideration to reduce some words and sharpen the edge a bit:

```suggestion
Even though the tip rack above is full, the "not enough tips" warning indicates that the pipette cannot safely access them to complete the step. The software triggers a collision error to prevent the pipette from striking adjacent labware during your protocol run.
```
You could also say, "The robot triggers a collions error.." or "The Flex trigges a collision error..." too. 

¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Author: Thanks Joe! I added ~75% of these suggestions. Keeping it as "striking adjacent labware in your final protocol," because you can't export a protocol with errors in PD, so you wouldn't be able to get to the protocol run with this type of error present.

> To fix the collision error in the example above, move the well plate from slot C3 so the labware items are no longer adjacent, or change your tip pickup selections.

Reviewer: Could change "fix" to "resolve" but that's also used on line 181 below, so repetition?

Consider trying an "either...or" for this sentence as a signal to the reader that there are some options coming:

> To fix the collision error in the example above, either move the well plate from slot C3 so the labware items are no longer adjacent, or change your tip pickup selections.

Could do bullets here too!

> To fix the collision error in this example, you can either:
> - Move the well plate...
> - Change your tip pickup selections

With bullets, you get some nice punchy imperative verbs (do this! do that!).

Author: Switched it up to bullets. feels like a nice way to mix up a few small paragraphs in a row.

Fix all errors before exporting to ensure your protocol runs successfully. You won't be able to run protocols with unresolved errors. 

> To make it easier to resolve tip pickup warnings, be sure **Manual tip tracking** is selected, then click to select tips for manual pickup. This form can show you which selection is causing the collision error, and which tip pickups could work for your step. 

Reviewer: Bullets might work here as well.

> To resolve tip pickup warnings more easily:
> 
> * Select **Manual tip tracking**
> * Click to select tips for manual pickup
> 
> This form can show you which section...

Author: Leaving this one since I did bullets above.
